README.md, before:

# jotai-query

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hmbrg/jotai-query.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hmbrg/jotai-query)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/hmbrg/jotai-query/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/hmbrg/jotai-query)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c2478b21ac94e8e5fe16/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hmbrg/jotai-query/maintainability)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

A template to generate a npm package for a react app using typescript and modern
CI tools.

## Usage

1. Fork.
2. Use fork to start a
   [new repository using the template.](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)
3. Globally search and replace:
   - `jotai-query` for `<your-repo-name>`.
4. Enable:
   - [Codecov.](https://codecov.io)
   - [Code Climate.](https://codeclimate.com/oss/)
   - [Travis CI.](https://travis-ci.org)
     - Add codecov env variable.
   - [semantic-release.](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release/blob/HEAD/docs/usage/getting-started.md#getting-started)
5. Update this README.md, [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md),
   [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md), etc.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people
([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the
[all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors)
specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

docs(readme): update desc and remove setup instructions

README.md, after:

# jotai-query

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hmbrg/jotai-query.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hmbrg/jotai-query)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/hmbrg/jotai-query/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/hmbrg/jotai-query)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c2478b21ac94e8e5fe16/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/hmbrg/jotai-query/maintainability)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

Keep in sync with server state using react-query and manage it with jotai.

## Usage

**WIP**

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people
([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the
[all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors)
specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
